with Uruguay that's that okay here we go
again
Louie
no not Barcelona Louie
no no them either
it's your manager Liverpool Brendan
Rodgers here well I'm sure you're deeply
upset by the Columbia result Louie
there's no good to talk what are we
going to do with you this whole episode
has been so disappointing why did you
buy that Italian Louie I didn't buy him
he gave me the cold shoulder so I tried
to warm it up with my breath I lost my
father sleeps like CVG and my teeth got
in the way and the cover I don't even
know what that means Louie look you've
obviously got severe deep-rooted issues
to resolve so we're going to have to
change a few things when you come back
to Liverpool okay well you won't be
alone watch your favorite movies anymore
so jaws one two three and four gone all
the Dracula and Twilight movies gone the
Italian Job definitely gone also we're
going to alter your diet Louie
so shoulder of beef gone in fact
shoulder of anything also Louie I'm not
fond of the company you seem to be
attracted to like what your friends
Louie they're a bad influence on you
you're mimicking there be
Here I am sorry Brendan Rodgers I can
try to give up the movies the shoulder
of meat but I can never ever ever give
up my friend okay I am sorry
so that is them the door now they are
you doing Louie Louie stay away from
them stay away that they're turning you
into one of them Louie Louie we under no
circumstances are you committed to play
with their dogs do you mean do you have
a son please don't do away no to a
2-part like than me it's embarrassing
for everybody
Louie Louie Louie heel no lie down move
over move away if you continue to hang
around those type of friends that you
won't be let off the leash for your
walks around Stanley Park when you get
back here
don't stop I'm saying to you Lee Jesus
Christ to even hear me anymore oh god I
don't believe it shit just got worse